Yeah, y'all know what it is
Katy Perry, Juicy J
Uh-huh, let's rage!
, you were gonna come to me
(And here you are), but you better choose carefully
('Cause I), I'm capable of anything
Of anything, and everything
Make me your Aphrodite
Make me your one and only
(But don't), make me your enemy (enemy)
Your enemy (your enemy), your enemy
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
'Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse (hey)
Are you ready for, ready for (hey)
A perfect storm, perfect storm? (Hey, hey)
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
There's no going back
, this love will make you levitate
(Like a bird), like a bird without a cage
We're down to earth if you choose to walk away
Don't walk away (walk away)
It's in the palm of your hand now, baby
It's a yes or a no, no maybe
So just be sure, before you give it all to me (huh)
All to me (huh), give it all to me
So you wanna play with magic?
Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for
Baby, do you dare to do this?
'Cause I'm coming at you like a dark horse (hey)
Are you ready for, ready for (hey)
A perfect storm, perfect storm? (Hey, hey)
'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
There's no going back

You know what it is
I love it!
Yeah, I love it!
Let's talk about it
Your boy's been a Christian, quite a few years
Victory and faith, but I failed in my fears
I heard a lot of words that have tickled many ears
That's why I praise God for the Word that we adhere
The Word became flesh, lived for thirty years
Died at 33, but after days reappeared
Jesus Christ anointed one ascended in the air
Or you can say the air where the Father made Him heir
Of all things, the throne know it's more than a chair
But after our redemption yes He did take a chair
Greater than the angels' name superior to theirs
This is Hebrews Chapter 1 if you cared
I'm leaning to the right
The light is where I'm running
I thought I wanted life, drunk, sexed out, and blunted
But all I really wanted was the One who really won it
Fought death, beat it gave His life to the public
I love it!
Angels surrounding His throne and
Worthy is the Lamb who was slain
The whole earth is full of His glory
All nations bow to His name
His majesty fills the Heavens
Our hearts give thunderous praise
Declare the Lord is forever
Make a joyful noise in this place
Man I'm trying to lift Him high
Higher than the stars
I am not of this world like I'm from the planet mars
I love to preach Jesus you can read it in my bars
I'm pretty straight forward when I'm speaking bout my Lord
He paid the sin price being beat by Roman guards
But when He resurrected gave us a life free of charge
Now me and my boys need to be in a psych ward
